cloud: add a note for scaling 4C cluster (#9873)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/scale-tidb-cluster.md

For information about how to determine the size of your TiDB cluster, see [Determine Your TiDB Size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md).

> **Note:**
>

> > If the node size of TiDB or TiKV is set as **4 vCPU, 16 GiB**, note the following restrictions. To get rid of these restrictions, you can [increase your node size](#increase-node-size) first.

Author: ```suggestion
> If the node size of TiDB or TiKV is set as **4 vCPU, 16 GiB**, note the following restrictions. To bypass these restrictions, you can [increase your node size](#increase-node-size) first.
```

>
> - The node quantity of TiDB can only be set to 1 or 2, and the node quantity of TiKV is fixed to 3.

> > - 4 vCPU TiDB can only be used with 4 vCPU TiKV, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - 4 vCPU TiDB can only be used with 4 vCPU TiKV, and 4 vCPU TiKV can only be used with 4 vCPU TiDB.
```
